# musicalArtist
Md Mehraj Hossain Known as an Musical Artist and Founder of GM STUDIO . aged 19 . he lives in Dhaka Bangladesh with his family.  Who Is Md Mehraj Hossain ?  Md Mehraj Hossain is an Businessman and an music artist also. he started online business company named GM STUDIO at 2020. he is the Founder of this company and his family member also included this company managers. He has also an Musical Studio Named GM STUDIO at 2021. after his collage study has complete he starting singing and record from his won company. he has released so many song.  What Is GM STUDIO  ?  GM STUDIO is a online business/ Online Shopping Services. Md Mehraj Hossain are Founder of this company. he started this company at 2020.Its Located also in Dhaka Bangladesh. his family member also included into this company. his brother named Ashraful Islam  is the Co-Founder of this company and the managed the London brunch from London. his brother lives in London.  Mehraj's company specializes in all internet marketing fields ranging from celebrity management, internet marketing for upcoming and established businesses, individual long term or short term internet marketing, and entertainment marketing via the internet. Services that the company offers include SEO (Search Engine Optimization), Internet Marketing Services, Link Building, Remarketing, Content Writing, and Dynamo logic Services.  What Is GM  STUDIO ?  GM  STUDIO is a Music video/Audio Recording Studio and also Music makes. Md Mehraj Hossainl also fonder on this studio. he started this studio at 2021 for recording his own music. he recorded so many music on his studio and he published all of this music on all platform.  Since then, his every project has been handled by implementing innovative strategies which has sky-rocketed his clients' businesses in an astounding manner.  Today, Md Mehraj Hossain has become an expert in the social media field where many even call him a Mehraj Media . He excelled in the field of social media marketing with his intelligence, skills &amp; talent. His associations with some of the leading media firms helped Mehraj  build a stronger contact list which drove him much closer to his journey towards the same.
